All right guys.
Now we're gonna go ahead and set up nodes SAS so that we can compile our SPSS files and our SAS code.
So you need to go to no J.S. dot org.
If you don't already have installed and just go ahead and install either the long term support or the
current version for latest features doesn't really matter in this situation.
Now we're gonna jump into this code and I just have an empty folder called SAS sandbox and we need to
use the terminal or the command line.
I'm going to use my integrated terminal.
We can open that and V.S. code with control till day or you can go to the View menu and just go to a
terminal or you can use your standard Mac terminal windows command prompt Linux terminal whatever and
just do a quick NPM dash dash version just to make sure you have NPM installed.
OK.
And then what we want to do is create a package dot Jason File since or installing anything with NPM
and we can generate that with NPM and net and then I'm also going to add on Dash y so that we don't
have to answer a bunch of questions it will just give us the defaults.
OK so let's go out and run that.
I'll clear this up with control L and in our package.
JASON It just has the name the version all that stuff.
Once we install node SAS it should get listed in here as a dependency.
So let's say npm install node dash SAS
OK so it's going to install it in a folder called Node modules and you can see it's listed here as a
dependency.
Now in order to use node SAS we're going to create an NPM script.
So inside here the scripts we don't need this test I'm actually gonna change this to SAS.
That way we can just run NPM run run SAS and then in here we want it to run node SAS.
We want to set a watch flag so dash w we want it to constantly watch a folder called SPSS which we haven't
created yet.
So SPSS slash and then we want it to output dash 0 to a folder called dist slash CSX dist is where basically
our project is going to live.
The H team l files the CSX anything that we would deploy will be in that dist folder and then we're
just going to add a dash dash recursive flag here.
All right.
So that should be good.
Let's go ahead and save this and we'll close it up.
And now what I'll do is create a folder called SPSS and this is where all of our SAS files will go.
So let's create a file called Main dot SPSS and you can see it as a little SAS logo there.
Now we also want to create a folder called dest and this is where the compiled CSX is going to go as
we directed in our script.
So let's go ahead and clear this up down here and let's run NPM run SAS.
Now what this is going to do is it's going to constantly watch the SPSS folder in any SAS files in it.
And as soon as we save it'll compile into dist CSX which we haven't even created.
We don't have to create it we'll do it on its own.
So we'll test this out by just creating a variable and I'm going to discuss variables and stuff in depth.
I just want to test it out.
So going to say we want to see color.
We'll set that to red and let's say a body and we'll set the background to the variable of color.
OK.
So this is SAS.
This is not regular CSX.
Now I'm going to save it with control s and as soon as I save it it'll tell us down here that rendering
is complete and if we look in disk we now have a CSX file with a main dot CSX.
OK.
So it's going to copy the name which we called Main and it's going to just name it that but it's going
to be a CSX file and if we look in that it's just body background red.
OK.
So it takes the SAS with these variables compiles it down to this CSX and then this is what we include
in our HD CML.
So in dist I'm going to create a file called index dot HD CML and we'll just put in our boilerplate
here and let's call this SAS sandbox and we want to link to CSF slash main dot CSX and we'll just put
an H1
and we'll save that.
Now we can open this each team out with a live server and now we have a red background.
OK.
Now if I go back into my SAS file.
This is where you want to do all your styling you don't want to touch the CSX just the SAS.
I'm going to change this to Blu ray and as soon as I save that you'll see down here it renders and then
we can go back and now we have a blue background.
OK.
So our entire environment is set up.
Now when you're ready to deploy you will just take this disk folder.
KAY That's this other stuff node modules you all your SAS package.
Jason this is your development environment.
OK.
This only has to do with your development.
This disk is your actual project your actual product that you would deploy.
All right.
So that's how we work with node SAS and we're going to come back to this.
But in the next video I want to show you another option which is using graphical program called koala.
OK so we'll take a look at that and then we'll jump back in and we'll start to look at the features
of SAS.